[Java] Add Prerequisites for OData v2/v4 Typed Clients (#554)
SAP/cloud-sdk: docs/java/features/odata/type-safe-client-odata-v2.mdx

<Tabs groupId="odataClientType" defaultValue="PregeneratedCloud" values={[ { label: 'Pregenerated Clients (Cloud)', value: 'PregeneratedCloud' }, { label: 'Pregenerated Clients (On-Premise)', value: 'PregeneratedOnPremise' }, { label: 'Self Generated Clients', value: 'Selfgenerated' } ]}>

<TabItem value="Selfgenerated">

```xml
<dependency>
    <groupId>com.sap.cloud.sdk.datamodel</groupId>
    <artifactId>odata-core</artifactId>
</dependency>
<dependency>
    <groupId>org.projectlombok</groupId>
    <artifactId>lombok</artifactId>
    <scope>provided</scope>
</dependency>
<dependency>
    <groupId>javax.inject</groupId>
    <artifactId>javax.inject</artifactId>
    <scope>provided</scope>
</dependency>
```

</TabItem>

<TabItem value="PregeneratedCloud">

```xml
<dependency>
    <groupId>com.sap.cloud.sdk.s4hana</groupId>
    <artifactId>s4hana-api-odata</artifactId>
</dependency>
```

</TabItem>

<TabItem value="PregeneratedOnPremise">

```xml
<dependency>
    <groupId>com.sap.cloud.sdk.s4hana</groupId>
    <artifactId>s4hana-api-odata-onpremise</artifactId>
</dependency>
```

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

> :::tip Tip

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::tip Discover services on the SAP API Business Hub
```

> If you would like to consume a specific service, try searching for it on the [SAP API Business Hub](https://api.sap.com/).
> You will find detailed instructions on how to use the SAP Cloud SDK to interact with the services of your choice.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you would like to consume a specific service, try searching for it on the [SAP API Business Hub](https://api.sap.com/) and visit an **SAP Cloud SDK** tab on the landing page of that service.
There you will find detailed instructions on how to use the SAP Cloud SDK to get a client library for that specific service.
Learn more about the integration with the SAP API Business Hub in the [blog](https://blogs.sap.com/2021/09/17/the-sap-cloud-sdk-integrates-with-the-sap-api-business-hub/).
```
